in Venezuela the vast majority of people
are suffering the lineups for Basic
Essentials are getting worse the
financial situation of the government is
degrading and the clock seems to be
ticking on their eventual admission that
they cannot pay back their creditors
Venezuela will officially collapse the
only question is how soon you came here
for the truth so let me unveil that for
you today we are going to have our focus
on Venezuela then I want to cover a
whole bunch of different issues let's
look at this here I covered it on the
channel previously Goldman Sachs admits
it bought Venezuelan bonds this is
upsetting to some for two different
reasons number one they got it
sweetheart deal a deal that you and I
could not get a cheaper price so of
course as a company they would do
so they also took heat because they are
supporting this government and that
doesn't look good globally if you really
cared about your image but I don't think
Goldman Sachs does this is a chart
showing you Venezuela's reserves and
over the past several months you can see
what has happened it's essentially
digging its own grave right to the
bottom there's not much left here at
this time Goldman Sachs buy them a brief
moment in time but it seems like those
have declined rather quickly and the
trend simply continues so I would
suggest to everyone to look at this to
look at their reserves over time and see
how soon they will eradicate them the
money that they have seems to be
squandered more so than any other
country and you can see that they're
buying a lot of protections for those
who are in charge right now now at this
time instead of spending it on the
infrastructure on reducing poverty and
everything
else this here shows you the government
bought or sold 2.8 billion in bonds to
Goldman Sachs in late May and is still
exporting oil but the problem is
becoming increasingly Regional in nature
150 Venezuelans a day are seeking asylum
in Brazil alone and an estimated 550,000
are living undoc dou umented in Colombia
now imagine these two countries Colombia
and Brazil they have a host of issues
that are happening to them themselves
and yet the situation has become so bad
in Venezuela that they are fleeing
they're going anywhere if they live near
the border of Brazil or Colombia perhaps
they're just abandoning everything they
have and trying to go for a better life
this is is something that is truly
troubling but Venezuela is just one
country of many that are suffering like
this it just happens to be extra bad in
Venezuela here at this
time what's happened here with Venezuela
is that we're having essentially a civil
war that we can see breaking out
between those in the government class
and everybody else who's gaining in this
situation well this Brazilian company is
a Brazilian company acknowledged on
Friday that it is supplying Venezuela
Security
Forces with large amounts of tear gas to
control the anti-government protest
prompting outrage from the V Venezuelan
opposition now look at this they
purchased
78,000 canisters of tear
gas that is a massive number
number and each one of those canisters
will be used I I assure you there's no
doubt about that Rio de Janeiro
based Condor non-lethal Technologies is
the one that
is fulfilling that
contract they are the ones
profiting from what's
happening in Venezuela at this time now
if it wasn't this company it would be
another company but but the fact is that
when you think about how sick this is
that there is corporations out there
making money from either lethal or
so-called non-lethal or less lethal
whatever that
means
um products that are being used every
day and it's whether you have the
government contractors for overseas who
go there and and kill many people
destroy cities destroy
countries topple
governments there are those who are
profiting from all of that and it's it's
just not good for anybody it really
isn't except obviously for those making
the billions off it protest mean profit
for Brazilian weapons manufacturer
essentially this is another article
getting into the same
issue I'm not going to get into it you
heard what I said in the previous one
and my opinion stays with
that I want to completely switch gears
here as you look
at the poverty which is taking place in
the
US and you see quite a chasm in between
the rich and the poor job growth in San
Francisco year overy year while
obviously you have some people who are
doing very well in San Francisco housing
prices are rising rent prices are rising
you see wealth inequality occurring at
the same time and the red line shows you
exactly what has happened job growth
it's not doing well there are some
companies which are hiring more than
ever that's a fact but it seems to be
that a large percentage of companies are
either getting bought out or they
getting knocked out
by these conglomerates by these Mega
corporations and San Francisco happens
to be
showing the situation that is getting
worse people can't even afford a place
to live in San Francisco I mean it's
incredible to see how expensive some
areas have become and the poverty as a
result I just covered the situation in
Illinois um either yesterday or the day
before there's actually a website that
is tracking all of
this the com troller here Illinois comp
Illinois comproller excuse
me the amount
of debt that this state is in right now
at this time the general funds payables
backlog as of
June
2017 15 billion dollar I mean there's
there's a lot on this website anyway but
I just wanted to show you that you know
a Situation's bad when there's a website
that tracks how bad it is look at the US
debt clock and all the other debt clocks
that are out
there I mean you know you know I mean
I'm laughing but it's it's sick to see
how bad this has become a system of debt
I mean just think about that for a
moment a system cre created a around Deb
purposely to punish you and I that's why
it
exists it's to keep you as a slave in
their system and we are all wrapped up
and tied into
it look how bad this is look look at
this next
article Detroit man charged with murder
and shooting over Air Jordan
shoes it's been a few days since I read
the article but essentially they wanted
to go ahead and mug some individuals who
are trying to sell these
shoes and gunfire ended up
occurring somebody was unfortunately
killed over a pair of shoes this isn't
the first time Air Jordans
were all about you know individuals who
who basically tried to
either for whatever reason were robbed
of their shoes that ended up in a
gunfight ended up in a
robbery and people have died because of
a stupid
shoe that's how the
entire the entire
Society is simply collapsing and this is
a very good example exle of that I don't
have words for this look at this Tai man
jail for 35 years for insulting the
monarchy in the harshest sentence
yet in Thailand if you say something bad
about the king about the monarchy you're
going going to jail for 35 years this
here is
absolutely terrible to hear
that somebody because of someone's
genes they are determined to be the
highest of the high level next to God
perhaps and as a result if you say
anything contradictory to what this
so-called
King suggests or has their belief
structure you're going to jail for 35
years let's finish off with this you
know what makes great food coloring bugs
that's right in this instance here if
you didn't know this already there's a
type of insect that they use for red
food coloring so when you want your
Gatorade and all of those
other weird sort of not exactly food but
it's being sold as food um processed
type foods that have red food coloring
in it there's a very good chance that it
contains this it's some sort of insect
that they Crush down and they filter it
out and the red dye that comes out of
them is what is used in food coloring I
don't know that there should even this
should even be allowed as far as I'm
concerned I don't know what the
repercussions of this are but there are
natural food colorings that could be
used as well like beets for example are
used in some natural products that would
probably suffice but of course that's
not the case they use something like
this and this is just one small example
I'm just trying to show you the fact
that when you consume processed foods
you're consuming all kinds of things
that you may not be aware of and you and
I are probably more informed than our
family and friends and everybody else
that would not even look or even
consider looking at the labels to see
what's inside of them anyway that's all
for this video if you found it
informative please give me a thumbs
up last but not least if you found the
video informative I know you will find
my books the money GPS and my new
release global economic collapse even
more informative at Amazon they actually
have this look inside feature when you
go there it gives you the ability to
flip through the pages of the books and
see if you like them take care